one of the most common ingredients
sex throughout Latin America is the
Pope several are your types and classes as
Creole sauce among others without doubt a
ingredient that we all have at home
this important food will be the
main ingredient in our
preparation today when together
let's cook a delicious achievement of potatoes
with cheese welcome to this delicious
moment that indurama wants to share
with you
this is cooking induction with
indorama
let's see the ingredients that you will need
annatto oil vegetable oil onion
finely chopped potatoes cut into
medium cubes salt to taste milk cream
of milk broth fresh cheese chopped in
small cubes and fresh coriander today with
the preparation and that the onion
finely then cut the cubed potato
medium preheat the pot during
about two minutes level 3 places a
some achiote oil
and place a little vegetable oil let's go
to sauté the onion place the potatoes
immediately after
milk and a little heavy cream
add vegetable broth
Stir a little the soup covers with the
lid and kitchen for 10 minutes at a level
9 after the ten minutes have elapsed
check the thickness of the leaves and this is
the perfect moment to add a little
more than cream
let cook for 3 more minutes
level 5 to finish the soup
remember that indurama offers you advice
and after-sales service for all your
products have a stock
permanent spare parts attention
customized for your kitchens
induction friends and friends here have it
a delicious core of potatoes with cheese
prepared with all the advantages of your
Intense Indurama Induction Cooker
aromas and flavors that bring us pleasant
memories and I'm sure you got perfect
It's time to share with your friends and
family and remember the kitchens without
dramas offer you a technology
efficient and safe with the broadest mix
of household appliances and advice the
warranty and support you deserve
Thank you very much for your company and even
the next